Adsk Contrib - Reorganize and add new documentation (#1096)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO: docs/guides/authoring/colorspaces.rst

inverted, so it is considered a "display only" colorspace. If we did have a second 3D LUT to apply the inverse transform, we can specify both ``to_reference`` and ``from_reference``

.. code-block:: yaml

      - !<ColorSpace>
        name: srgb8
        bitdepth: 8ui
        description: |
          srgb8 :rgb display space for the srgb standard.
        from_reference: !<FileTransform> {src: lnf_to_srgb8.spi3d, interpolation: linear}
        to_reference: !<FileTransform> {src: srgb8_to_lnf.spi3d, interpolation: linear}

Using multiple transforms
-------------------------

The previous example colorspaces all used a single transform each,
however it is often useful to use multiple transforms to define a
colorspace.

.. code-block:: yaml

      - !<ColorSpace>
        name: srgb8
        bitdepth: 8ui
        description: |
          srgb8 :rgb display space for the srgb standard.
        from_reference: !<GroupTransform>
          children:
            - !<ColorSpaceTransform> {src: lnf, dst: lg16}
            - !<FileTransform> {src: lg16_to_srgb8.spi3d, interpolation: linear}

Here to get from the reference colorspace, we first use the

> ``ColorSpaceTransform`` to convert from ``lnf`` to ``lg16``, then

Reviewer: Eventually, we could ``:cpp:class:`` these class references to the API doc sections:

https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.5.1/domains.html

The allowed values and definitions are:

``scene-linear`` -- A scene-referred encoding where the numeric 
representation is proportional to scene luminance. Examples: ACES2065-1, ACEScg.

``display-linear`` -- A display-referred encoding where the numeric 
representation is proportional to display luminance. Example: CIE XYZ values 
measured off of a display or projection screen.

``log`` -- A scene-referred encoding where the numeric representation is roughly 
proportional to the logarithm of scene-luminance (often with some divergence 
in the shadows as with most camera log encodings). Examples: ACEScct, ACEScc, 
ARRI LogC, Sony S-Log3/S-Gamut3.

``sdr-video`` -- A display-referred encoding where the numeric representation is 
proportional to an SDR video signal. Examples: Rec.709/Rec.1886 video, sRGB.

``hdr-video`` -- A display-referred encoding where the numeric representation is 
proportional to an HDR video signal. Examples: Rec.2100/PQ or Rec.2100/HLG.

``data`` -- A non-color channel. Note that typically such a color space would 
also have the isdata attribute set to true. Examples: alpha, normals, Z-depth.

``bitdepth``
------------

Optional. Default: ``32f``

> Specify an appropriate bitdepth for the colorspace, and applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify an appropriate bit-depth for the colorspace, and applications
```
